[Clang][Sema] Disallow applying `onwership_returns` to functions that return non-pointers (#99564)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Improvements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Improved the handling of the `ownership_returns` attribute. Now, Clang reports an
>   error if the attribute is attached to a function that returns a non-pointer value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the handling of the ``ownership_returns`` attribute. Now, Clang reports an
  error if the attribute is attached to a function that returns a non-pointer value.
```

Improvements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Improved handling of ``__attribute__((ownership_returns(class, idx)))``. Now clang
>   reports an error if attribute is attached to a function that returns non-pointer
>   value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved the handling of the `ownership_returns` attribute. Now, Clang reports an 
  error if the attribute is attached to a function that returns a non-pointer value. 
  Fixes (#GH99501)
```
